Dad?
You've seen a woman kick me out of the house
presumptuous
Open your mouth a woman a woman
Mind your own business
Don't carry such a waste all day
Dangling in front of my eyes
Uncle Shu, you are a piece of trash
Then what are you?
What do you mean?
In fact, Uncle Shu
You and I have a lot in common.
Although the book family has a great career
But all this seems to have been laid down by Shulang
What does this have to do with you?
Presumptuous if
All juniors
I advise you
Infect this woman
You will soon be in the mouths of others
passerby
Honey, look at him
Peacock, both of you get out of here
OK
You have eaten 3 plates
Time to stop
Do you think I'm funny too?
You should know
People halfway through you know this kind of thing
It can be done.
So
You don't have to be familiar with it.
Tonight?
Why didn't I answer my phone call all day?